Make TS example consistent with Java code (#2933)
vaadin/docs: articles/lit/guides/security/spring-login.adoc

}
----

> If roles are exposed differently in your user object, you can still tell Hilla how to find them by amending your authentication configuration on the client. In the [classname]`UserInfo` example provided above, the roles are returned by [methodname]`getAuthorities`, so the [filename]`auth.ts` file should be modified as such:

Reviewer: Which example? 

This one: https://github.com/vaadin/docs/pull/2933/files#diff-410868dea60015bdca8ffcc0846b887ed2f258a8b3aba85e47e36024269ad2eaR120

Or this one: https://github.com/vaadin/docs/pull/2933/files#diff-410868dea60015bdca8ffcc0846b887ed2f258a8b3aba85e47e36024269ad2eaR245

We should add a in-page reference link to the one that we mean.

```suggestion
If roles are exposed differently in your user object, you can still tell Hilla how to find them by amending your authentication configuration on the client. In the <<TODO-ADD-ID,[classname]`UserInfo` example>> provided before, the roles are returned by [methodname]`getAuthorities`, so the [filename]`auth.ts` file should be modified as such:
```

Author: Ping @cromoteca
